burst (#57)
SpencerDawkins/net-collab-rqmts: draft-kwbdgrr-tsvwg-net-collab-rqmts.md

The server may also signal end of burst that provides information for the radio to go into sleep mode (Connected Mode Discontinuous Reception, C-DRX) if there is no paging message.

REQ-BURST-INDICATOR:

> : Client indicates this flow's maximum burst to ISP, and ISP agrees it can handle that burst size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Client indicates this flow's maximum burst to the service provider network, and network agrees it can handle that burst size.
```
